---
layout: recruiting
title: Subscribe
permalink: /subscribe/
---

<div class="whitespace"><div class="recruiting-page"><div class="letterhead"><span id="letterhead">Free Real Estate Agent Training Newsletter</span><p id="letterhead-subtitle"><em>Free Real Estate Agent Training Newsletter</em></p><div id="letterhead-title">Sell More Homes In Less Time</div><p>Get access to our own internal training we provide our agents.</p></div><hr /><p>Dear Real Estate Agent:</p><p>Are you looking for training that teaches you exactly what you need to do to sell homes specifically right here in Northeast Ohio?</p><p>I invite you to subscribe to our free real estate agent training newsletter.</p><p>Every two weeks, we publish helpful tips for you. These include:</p><ol class="indent"><li>Real agent success stories</li><li>Question and answer videos</li><li>Highlights of our team training</li><li>Our favorite technology tips</li></ol><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Our goal is to give you a taste of the training we provide if you have any interest in working with us in the future.</p><p>We have no intention of recruiting you - that&rsquo;s a conversation with us when you are ready, if at all.</p><p>Last year 49,911 homes sold in the greater Northeast Ohio market.</p><p>That&rsquo;s plenty of business to go around for all of us.</p><p>We&rsquo;ve been fortunate to sell 540 homes last year and our average agent earns six figures a year with us.</p><p>The same training they get will help you do it as well.</p><p>So, if you&rsquo;re interested in knowing what we&rsquo;re up to here, and you&rsquo;d like to stay current on the latest strategies to:</p><ol class="indent"><li>Generate qualified seller leads</li><li>Attract buyers who actually want to buy</li><li>Convert more leads to appointments</li><li>Win more listing presentations at full commission</li><li>Systematize your administrative processes</li><li>Earn more referrals and reviews for repeat business</li></ol><p>&hellip;I invite you to subscribe to our free newsletter below.</p><hr /><div class="testimonial-inline"><p><strong>Here&rsquo;s what a few agents say about our free training:</strong></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">The Kaim Team provides the best training and mentoring programs to ensure your success as a real estate professional!!<br /><span class="testimonial-author">- Holly W</span></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">As a new agent they are there for me to answer any question no matter how big or small with patience and clarity.<br /><span class="testimonial-author">- Tzipora S.</span></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">Numbers don't lie. On average our agents sell 3 or 4 times what the average agent in State of Ohio sells.<br /><span class="testimonial-author">- Nick D.</span></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">Going into the office is like going home; everyone is like family and everyone supports each other! I LOVE my team ❤<br /><span class="testimonial-author">- Kelley V.</span></p></div><hr /><p>You are also welcome to subscribe to our Agent Training Podcast on iTunes and we also publish our free training content on our agent training Facebook page if you prefer to stay touch&nbsp;<span style="letter-spacing: 0.01rem;">that way, too.</span></p><p>Most importantly, everything you receive is designed to start a conversation. So, if you have any questions about selling real estate you can email me at kaimteam@gmail.com.</p><p>I&rsquo;ll first answer your question by email, and if I think it would be of benefit to more people, I&rsquo;ll answer it in a video.</p><p>We look forward to staying in touch. Let&rsquo;s raise the standard and training of all real estate agents in Northeast Ohio.</p><p>I invite you to subscribe now below:</p>{% include subscribe.html %}</div></div>