---
layout: post
title: Transform Your Mindset to Transform Your Success
tags:
  - Listing Presentation
  - Reviews and Referrals
  - Lead Generation
  - Lead Conversion
  - Buyer Prospects
  - Transaction Management
excerpt: >-
  Becoming a top-producing real estate professional means you need to focus not
  only on ideas, but also execution. Today we’ve got 13 tips to share that will
  teach you how to follow through on your goals so that you can start earning up
  to your potential.
enclosure: >-
  https://s3.amazonaws.com/vyralmarketing/Joshua+Stern/The+Stern+Team-+13+Tips+That+Will+Help+You+Generate+%24138+Million+in+Sales+Volume+Per+Year.mp4
pullquote: 'If you’ve got big dreams, you need to have equally big goals.'
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time: '10:39 am'
use_youtube_image: true
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/2-25-13-tips-np.jpg
youtube_code: Y_gNy9T4Hds
---

{% include youtube.html %}

For today’s “Millionaire Agent Mindset” tip, we’re going to list the 13 tips it takes to generate $138 million in sales volume per year. These tips come from my friend and colleague Noah Ostroff of KW Philadelphia, and we can’t wait to share them with you today.&nbsp;

**1. Align your accomplishments with your goals.** The right coach will hold you accountable when you set out to achieve something.&nbsp;

**2. Work more on your business than in your business.** Things happen. There will always be meetings, mishaps, and other such things that demand your attention, but by having a plan for how you spend your time and energy each day, you’ll find it much easier to continue to grow despite any distractions.&nbsp;

**3. Guard and protect your lead generation time.** No matter how busy you are, make sure you spend time every single day generating leads.

**4. Allow yourself to be open to improving your areas of weakness.** Don’t be offended when your coach points out areas you can (and should) work on. They are there to help and to offer an unbiased perspective on your performance.&nbsp;

**5. Set goals equal to your potential.** A goal is a dream with a deadline, yet people often set goals that aren’t nearly ambitious enough. If you’ve got big dreams, you need to have equally big goals.&nbsp;

**6. Surround yourself with success.** You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with, so surround yourself with a cadre of professionals who aim high and succeed often.

**7. Think like a businessperson, rather than a real estate agent**. Sales are important, but they aren’t all that goes into a strong business. You need to get outside of your comfort zone if you want to become a top producer.&nbsp;

{% include pullquote.html %}

**8. Change your perceived limitations.** Our lives and our careers are determined by our acceptance or rejection of these perceived limitations.

**9. Set the stage.** Make sure you have the tools and systems necessary to fully implement all the ideas that will be generated by coaching.

**1****0. Don’t be afraid to pay well for the right talent**.\*\* A great hire is worth three times what a good hire is.&nbsp;

**11. Have a plan.** A coach or mentor will help you refine your business plan, concentrating on activities that are directly tied to your success.

**12. Dig deep and home in on your big “why.”** Let this motivating factor be the bottom line beneath everything you do.

**13. Remember that ideas are rewarded, but their execution is worshipped.** Make sure that the right education is a key component of your action plan. Knowing for knowing’s sake leads to nowhere.&nbsp;

We hope these tips have been helpful, and we look forward to sharing even more tips with you in the future.&nbsp;

If you have any other questions, would like more information, or would like to discuss your coaching options, feel free to give us a call or send us an email. We look forward to hearing from you soon.<br>&nbsp;